Update CHANGELOG.md (#296)
sine-fdn/pact-catalog-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

> **_NOTE:_** This file includes all relevant changes to the frontend of the [PACT Catalog](https://catalog.carbon-transparency.com). All changes related to the catalog's data and data structures will be listed in the [`pact-catalog`](https://github.com/wbcsd/pact-catalog) repository

## 2023-08-01

**********Added**********

> Add "Solution" or "Collaborator Name" before the tested_by field in Conformance Test results page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add "Solution" or "Collaborator" before the tested_by field in Conformance Test results page
```

**************Changed**************

> Allow adding user / collaborator name instead of solution id as well for conformance test result submission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow adding collaborator id (instead of solution id and name) to conformance test results
```

> Display user name instead of user id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm not sure I'm understanding it correctly, but if I do, then this refers to the conformance test table. If so, then before we didn't display anything other than the solution's name, so I don't think this is necessary.
